fix: metadata is properly built (#42)
ubiquity-os/plugin-sdk: README.md

The `createPlugin` function enables users to create a plugin that will run on Cloudflare Workers environment.

### `postComment`

> The `postComment` function enables users to easily post a comment to an issue, a pull-request or even a conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `postComment` function enables users to easily post a comment to an issue, a pull-request, or a pull request review thread.
```
